Add notes on polyglot programming (#443)
temporalio/documentation: docs/go/workflows.md

```

You can start Workflows **asynchronously** or **synchronously**.
In most use cases it is better to execute the Workflow asynchronously.
In Go, the only difference is whether the code waits for the result of the Workflow in the same process in which you started it, so you should not synchronously block the process if you don't have a good reason to.
Workflows do not rely on the process that invoked it, and will continue executing even if the waiting process crashes or stops.

### Scheduling Cron Workflows

You can also start a Workflow Execution on a regular schedule with the `CronSchedule` option.

```go
workflowOptions := client.StartWorkflowOptions{
    ID:           workflowID,
    TaskQueue:    "cron",
    CronSchedule: "* * * * *",
}

we, err := c.ExecuteWorkflow(context.Background(), workflowOptions, cron.SampleCronWorkflow)
```

More info in the [Distributed Cron](distributed-cron) docs.

### External Workflows

> You can call workflows from other language SDKs purely by name:

Author: ```suggestion
You can execute workflows (including those from other language SDKs) purely by name:
```
